README.md, before:

---
output:
  pdf_document: default
  word_document: default
  html_document: default
---
# Caleb Weis
## Computing for the Social Sciences
### Homework 1

Hey, I'm **Caleb Weis**. I am a rising third-year in The College, and an Economics and Math major. I am interested in potentially doing economics research after I finish school--that is, if my professional acting career doesn't take off. I am an avid soccer player, and played competitively until the age of 19. My favorite professional soccer teams are:

 * Manchester United
 * Real Madrid
 * New York City FC
 * AC Milan
 * Santos,
 
and my favorite international soccer teams are:

 1. United States (patriotism!!)
 1. Brazil
 1. England
 
Here is a [link](https://youtu.be/DGvY27AhOgk) to a YouTube video of my club soccer team playing against Real Madrid when I was a U16!
 
In my free time, I really enjoy wakeboarding, downhill skiing, and playing golf--*disc* gold, that is (one of my friends recently created a course in his backyard).

I am really enjoying the course so far, and looking forward to where it takes us!

Commit message:

Added Picture, edited first line.

README.md, after:

---
output:
  pdf_document: default
  word_document: default
  html_document: default
---
# Caleb Weis
## Computing for the Social Sciences
### Homework 1

![Profile Picture](IMG_7332.JPG)

Hey, I'm **Caleb Weis** (the one on the left--I'm 21, not 61!). I am a rising third-year in The College, and an Economics and Math major. I am interested in potentially doing economics research after I finish school--that is, if my professional acting career doesn't take off. I am an avid soccer player, and played competitively until the age of 19. My favorite professional soccer teams are:

 * Manchester United
 * Real Madrid
 * New York City FC
 * AC Milan
 * Santos,
 
and my favorite international soccer teams are:

 1. United States (patriotism!!)
 1. Brazil
 1. England
 
Here is a [link](https://youtu.be/DGvY27AhOgk) to a YouTube video of my club soccer team playing against Real Madrid when I was a U16!
 
In my free time, I really enjoy wakeboarding, downhill skiing, and playing golf--*disc* gold, that is (one of my friends recently created a course in his backyard).

I am really enjoying the course so far, and looking forward to where it takes us!
